[Doc][Cluster] Update Azure cluster docs (#54517)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/vms/user-guides/launching-clusters/azure.md

Next, install the Azure CLI (`pip install -U azure-cli azure-identity`) and login using `az login`.

```bash
# Install packages to use azure CLI.
pip install azure-cli azure-identity

# Login to azure. This will redirect you to your web browser.
az login
```

### Install Azure SDK libraries

> Now, install the Azure SDK libraries that will enable the Ray cluster launcher to build Azure infrastructure.

Reviewer: What do you mean by `build Azure infrastructure`?

Author: create VMs, storage, etc

> Now, install the Azure SDK libraries that will enable the Ray cluster launcher to build Azure infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, install the Azure SDK libraries that enable the Ray cluster launcher to build Azure infrastructure.
```

```bash

> # Install azure cli.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install azure SDK.
```

```

### Start Ray with the Ray cluster launcher

The provided [cluster config file](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/tree/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml) will create a small cluster with a Standard DS2v3 on-demand head node that is configured to autoscale to up to two Standard DS2v3 [spot-instance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/spot-vms) worker nodes.

Note that you'll need to fill in your Azure [resource_group](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L42) and [location](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L41) in those templates. You also need set the subscription to use. You can do this from the command line with `az account set -s <subscription_id>` or by filling in the [subscription_id](https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/eacc763c84d47c9c5b86b26a32fd62c685be84e6/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml#L44) in the cluster config file.

> ### Download and configure the example configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Download and configure the example configuration
```

Download the reference example locally:

```bash
# Download the example-full.yaml
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/ray/master/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml
```

In order to connect to the provisioned head node VM, you'll need to ensure that the `auth.ssh_private_key`, `auth.ssh_public_key`, and `file_mounts` configuration values are properly configured to point to file paths on your local environment that have a valid keypair. By default the configuration assumes `$HOME/.ssh/id_rsa` and `$HOME/.ssh/id_rsa.pub`. If you have a different set of keypair files you wish to use (for example a `ed25519` pair), update the `example-full.yaml` configurations to use them.

For example here is what a custom-configured `example-full.yaml` file might look like if you are using a `ed25519` keypair:

```sh
$ git diff example-full.yaml 
diff --git a/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml b/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml
index b25f1b07f1..c65fb77219 100644
--- a/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml
+++ b/python/ray/autoscaler/azure/example-full.yaml
@@ -61,9 +61,9 @@ auth:
     ssh_user: ubuntu

>      # you must specify paths to matching private and public key pair files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     # You must specify paths to match private and public key pair files.
```

     # use `ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096` to generate a new ssh key pair
-    ssh_private_key: ~/.ssh/id_rsa
+    ssh_private_key: ~/.ssh/id_ed25519
     # changes to this should match what is specified in file_mounts
-    ssh_public_key: ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
+    ssh_public_key: ~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub
 

>  # More specific customization to node configurations can be made using the ARM template azure-vm-template.json file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 # You can make more specific customization to node configurations using the ARM template azure-vm-template.json file.
```

>  # See documentation here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/templates/microsoft.compute/2019-03-01/virtualmachines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 # See this documentation: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/templates/microsoft.compute/2019-03-01/virtualmachines
```

@@ -128,7 +128,7 @@ head_node_type: ray.head.default
 file_mounts: {
     #    "/path1/on/remote/machine": "/path1/on/local/machine",
     #    "/path2/on/remote/machine": "/path2/on/local/machine",
-    "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub": "~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub"}
+    "~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub": "~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub"}
 
 # Files or directories to copy from the head node to the worker nodes. The format is a

>  # list of paths. The same path on the head node will be copied to the worker node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 # list of paths. Ray copies the same path on the head node to the worker node.
```

 ```

> ### Launch the Ray cluster on Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Launch the Ray cluster on Azure
```
